

Release Notes for SloppyPlot 0.4.4 (released 2005-10-06)
========================================================

This release is the fourth one in the 0.4.x series that was supposed
to focus on code cleanup and api documentation.  Since 0.4.3 was
terribly unstable and many functions were broken, it is very much
recommended to upgrade to 0.4.4 which has been tested now for quite a
while and should work well.  

The toolbox is now fully functional, even though there is currently
only a labels tool available.  The output works on both backends, even
though the gnuplot backend is not yet automatically redrawn.

Some dialogs have been rewritten, so that they now show tooltips
(e.g. the postscript export).

The Undo and Redo text is now properly displayed for most functions.


Release Notes for SloppyPlot 0.4.3 (released 2005-09-21)
========================================================

This release is the third one in the 0.4.x series that was supposed to
focus on code cleanup and api documentation.  Well, things changed a
little!  I needed labels for my own graphs, so I added a nifty labels
tool.  This tool is very similar to the toolbox found in the GIMP.
Since I was annoyed by the fact that I had to place all windows again
and again to a proper position, I also rewrote the configuration file.
It is now XML-based and remembers the position of the main window and
of the tool window.

Note that the Labels tool does not yet work with gnuplot!


Release Notes for SloppyPlot 0.4.2 (released 2005-09-11)
========================================================

This release is the second one in the 0.4.x series that will focus on
code cleanup and api documentation.  There are _no_ user visible
changes, _but_ the Props system (similar to basicproperty or to the
traits system) has been reworked, restructured and is even documented!


Release Notes for SloppyPlot 0.4.1 (released 2005-09-06)
========================================================

This release is the first one in the 0.4.x series that will focus on
code cleanup and api documentation. The only real visible feature will
probably be the gradual improvement of the ASCII import dialog, which
has already started with this release. 



Release Notes for SloppyPlot 0.4 (released 2005-08-28)
======================================================

This release features once again many stability fixes.  Most
importantly, I decided to settle on the current file format: Using an
old .spj file will not be a problem in future releases. The location
of the config file has changed according the freedesktop
specifications.



Release Notes for SloppyPlot 0.3 (released 2005-08-24)
======================================================

This release features a lot of bug fixes and little improvements to
the user interface.  The biggest visible change is the addition of a
dialog to modify the dataset columns (add/remove/move/edit).

It is recommended to update matplotlib to the newest version (0.83.1)

